Job well done.
We covered links in the Asian memo.
Now I'd like to switch gears a little bit and take it easy on us.
So first I would like to just get rid of all this information because like I said I would like to keep
this clean everything within the body.
I'm just going to delete and the moment I wish I'm going to save it I'm going to have the blank page
and here within my text editor would like to talk about sub and sub elements and they're all gonna be
as straightforward as it gets.
So let's say we're going to have a creating a heading one.
And within the heading One I'm gonna say hello Hello I am and here I would like to say first john in
town now I could obviously write it like this.
I can say first verse john in town or I can use up and sub elements.
And again this is gonna be as straightforward as it gets.
So first of all let me create a little bit of space.
And as I stop typing notes again I'm getting from them at suggestion.
Now what I would like to do right now is grab this verse and play.
Place it within the sub.
And again you're gonna see it in the second one happens.
So I'm gonna spare us a little bit of time and let's just create these elements first and then obviously
it's gonna be very clear on what is happening with these elements.
So we don't have to spend hours and hours of talking about it.
Instead we can just look at it.
So in this case I'm gonna use the sub element where the first one was up and the second one was up.
Now the moment I'm gonna say with notice what happened.
So I'm having my text and then everything that's gonna be placed within the sub is gonna be here on
top of the rest and text and everything that's going to be placed in the bottom is obviously going to
be here in the bottom meaning everything and that's going to be placed in the sub element is gonna be
eventually shown in the bottom of the rest of the text.
So like I said as straightforward as it gets.
If you ever need it you can use sub and sub elements.